hi there my name is Josh legal what
actually got me in the filming was
seeing that everyone was getting better
skating then all of a sudden I was
sucking as time went on I stole my dad's
camera use that for a while and yeah
just been filming ever since most
favorite clips I've ever captured Mike
Mo and he killed me for fully flared not
only 360 flip right here he does it at
the big floor this was cool cuz this is
like the first time we actually went out
filming with Ty and atiba it was very
humbling experiencing those guys work
and seeing how pros did it and we were
just kids in the background so I hid
behind a wall and film this after he
landed it I was all stoked gave it to
tie he was cool he's like oh yeah let me
get that so I thought I was totally
going in but it never went in and then
it has Vince but breaking his board
right after which is great this isn't
insane click no one ever thought of
doing this a lot of people skated the
gap to the right the Travis decides oh
look at this wall right here this looks
drivable you can see in the first go I'm
surprised his ankles are still intact
because he stands up and he walks away
and I'm in odds what the heck is his kid
thinking next thing I know I look up
press record and here he comes again and
he does it like nothing happens so this
is the kind of stuff when you're holding
the camera and get to witness this clip
was really random we're filming out in
San Diego this is my friend miles would
he is getting himself hyped up for the
trick as you can see there's a car that
rolls right back from he looks at it
paying it no mind oh he just decides to
go for it anyway well this was the time
as you can see me pop shuvit to the heck
out of the fire hydrant which is not a
small gap in his excitement you know
just loses the board he doesn't even
care up what do you know the shark
attack
the car so this was a one of those
amazing clip should have been on real TV
or something this is one of those things
where you kind of want to tell your
friend is stop skating this is my friend
Ray Robinson he wants to do this line
out here first dry gets that 50 as soon
as he gets this update ledge which I
really never seem to make people skate
and I don't even think he whacks this
thing this was first try behind you he
get some sticks what's up like nothing
happened and you know I'm thinking
alright this is going to be the end of
it but he doesn't do it one two three
four more time by the end of this I
think he learned his lesson and I
learned a lesson that day if your friend
struggling is getting something let him
know save him a little bit of time and
heartache this one here this is the same
type of thing this is my friend Mike
Franklin he's also a wheeled industries
an amateur skateboarder one else gave me
one day he said he want to try to get
this on the side of the road as you can
see he's kind of having a little trouble
with the kick flip up the curb I think
he tried a couple times may be four or
five times and then eventually he did
get the line
we could not want to listen to me if I
tell you to stop because Mike he
wouldn't listen to me he wouldn't have
stopped he probably would have punch
made his face because he punched himself
in the face this just proves right here
just keep trying one day you're gonna
get something happening I think I might
actually got more hurt filming skating
and skating yeah yeah one time eating
crap Gilman micro at Royal we're kicking
ass filming next we meet oh I'm on the
ground out of my head spinning around
and I got a hipper and my camera's
broken and all this stuff so you never
know dude this is how dedicated I am
filming skateboarding I'll you filmers
out there you gotta be careful I film
I'm a filmer I go down harder when I
filmed when I skate so